Add blog post about DrainCleaner component (#248)
strimzi/strimzi.github.io: _posts/2021-09-15-drain-cleaner.md

```sh
kubectl patch kafka $CLUSTER_NAME --type json -p '[
  {
    "op": "add",
    "path": "/spec/zookeeper/template",
    "value": {
      "podDisruptionBudget": {
        "maxUnavailable": 0
      }
    }
  },
  {
    "op": "add",
    "path": "/spec/kafka/template",
    "value": {
      "podDisruptionBudget": {
        "maxUnavailable": 0
      }
    }
  },
]'
```

## Validating webhook configuration

To register the Drain Cleaner's endpoint at the Kubernetes control-plane level, you need to create a 
ValidatingWebhookConfiguration resource. This is a simple REST endpoint, exposed under `/drainer` URL path. When an 
incoming API request matches one of the specified operations, groups, versions, resources, and scope for any of defined 
rules, the request is sent to that endpoint.

```yaml
    rules:
      - apiGroups:   [""]
        apiVersions: ["v1"]
        operations:  ["CREATE"]
        resources:   ["pods/eviction"]
        scope:       "Namespaced"
    clientConfig:
      service:
        namespace: "strimzi-drain-cleaner"
        name: "strimzi-drain-cleaner"
        path: /drainer
        port: 443
      caBundle: $CA_BUNDLE
```

> Here I used a placeholder for the PEM encoded CA bundle, which is required to validate the webhook's certificate. You 

Reviewer: It is good to give the details how to do it. But maybe we could also add some mention how Cert Manager or OpenShift can help with this by generating and injecting the certs and point to the installation files?

can use a self-signed CA certificate, but the Drain Cleaner's end-entity certificate, signed by that CA, must have a 
common name (CN) that matches the application's service name.

Let's see how that CA bundle looks like for a self-signed example deployed on a test namespace (in the git repository, 
you can find detailed instructions on how to generate these certificates or let the platform do it for you):

```sh
# Self-signed CA certificate  
Certificate:
    Signature Algorithm: sha256WithRSAEncryption
        Issuer: C=IT, ST=Rome, O=Strimzi, CN=drain-cleaner-ca.strimzi.io

>         Subject: C=IT, ST=Rome, O=Strimzi, CN=drain-cleaner-ca.strimzi.io

Reviewer: I know this is just an example, but users might be copying from here. So it might be best to avoid the `strimzi.io` and the `O=strimzi` in the subject. The users should probably generate their own certificate with their own subject.

        X509v3 extensions:
            X509v3 Basic Constraints: critical
                CA:TRUE, pathlen:0

# Drain Cleaner's end-entity certificate         
Certificate:
    Signature Algorithm: sha1WithRSAEncryption
        Issuer: C=IT, ST=Rome, O=Strimzi, CN=drain-cleaner-ca.strimzi.io

>         Subject: C=IT, ST=Rome, O=Strimzi, CN=drain-cleaner-webhook.strimzi.io

Reviewer: Same as above.

        X509v3 extensions:
            X509v3 Basic Constraints: critical
                CA:FALSE
            X509v3 Key Usage: 
                Digital Signature, Key Encipherment
            X509v3 Extended Key Usage: 
                TLS Web Server Authentication, TLS Web Client Authentication
            X509v3 Subject Alternative Name: 
                DNS:strimzi-drain-cleaner, 
                DNS:strimzi-drain-cleaner.test, 
                DNS:strimzi-drain-cleaner.test.svc, 
                DNS:strimzi-drain-cleaner.test.svc.cluster.local
```

## Let the magic happen

> The Drain Cleaner must be deployed at the Kubernetes cluster level using a cluster-admin user, as we need to create a 

Reviewer: I don't like saying that it needs to be deployed with cluster-admin user. It can be deployed by any user who can create the resources => mainly the ValidatingWebhook. But that is not cluster admin.

> dedicated service account, cluster role and binding to allow reading pods resources. A single instance is able to handle 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dedicated service account, cluster role and binding to allow reading pods resources. A single instance is handling all Kafka instances hosted on that Kubernetes cluster.
```

all Kafka instances hosted on that Kubernetes cluster.

With the validating webhook configuration in place, the Drain Cleaner is notified as soon as something tries to evict 

> Kafka or ZooKeeper pods and it annotates them with `strimzi.io/manual-rolling-update`. This tells the Cluster Operator 

Reviewer: Would be good to add a note that this works only with Strimzi 0.21 and newer.

Author: I have this in the conclusions, but it's better to add it here.

Reviewer: Yeah, actually ... I didn't saw the conclusion yet when I commented here. I'm fine both ways ... if you wanna leave it there it works for me.

Only Kafka and Zookeeper pods are actually annotated for restart, all the rest is filtered out.

```
2021-08-03 08:07:00,218 INFO  [io.str.ValidatingWebhook] (executor-thread-17) Received eviction webhook for Pod my-cluster-zookeeper-2 in namespace test
2021-08-03 08:07:00,218 INFO  [io.str.ValidatingWebhook] (executor-thread-17) Pod my-cluster-zookeeper-2 in namespace test will be annotated for restart
2021-08-03 08:07:00,301 INFO  [io.str.ValidatingWebhook] (executor-thread-17) Pod my-cluster-zookeeper-2 in namespace test found and annotated for restart

2021-08-03 08:07:01,508 INFO  [io.str.ValidatingWebhook] (executor-thread-17) Received eviction webhook for Pod my-cluster-kafka-0 in namespace test
2021-08-03 08:07:01,508 INFO  [io.str.ValidatingWebhook] (executor-thread-17) Pod my-cluster-kafka-0 in namespace test will be annotated for restart
2021-08-03 08:07:01,540 INFO  [io.str.ValidatingWebhook] (executor-thread-17) Pod my-cluster-kafka-0 in namespace test found and annotated for restart
```

Given that the node being evacuated is cordoned (unschedulable), pods restart operated by the Cluster Operator in the 

> next reconciliation phase will actually mov them away from that node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
next reconciliation phase will actually move them away from that node.
```

```
2021-08-03 08:07:13 INFO  PodOperator:68 - Reconciliation #13(timer) Kafka(test/my-cluster): Rolling pod my-cluster-zookeeper-2
2021-08-03 08:08:06 INFO  PodOperator:68 - Reconciliation #13(timer) Kafka(test/my-cluster): Rolling pod my-cluster-kafka-0
2021-08-03 08:08:53 INFO  AbstractOperator:500 - Reconciliation #13(timer) Kafka(test/my-cluster): reconciled
```

Once you are finished, don't forget to make that node schedulable again:

```sh
kubectl uncordon $NODE_NAME

> ```

Reviewer: Should we have this here? You do this with playing with the Drain Cleaner. But in real life you would not uncordon it but go either upgrade it or just delete it etc. So I think we should either remove it or add some note that _in case you were just trying it out, you should uncordon it_.
